Q: Can you think of an analogy between the process of tesselating hexagons and randomly generating a world using rooms and hallways? 
What is the hexagon and what is the tesselation on the Project 3 side?

A:
Tesselating hexagonas creates a repeating pattern of the same image in a space. When we randomly generate this world, we are concerned with keeping
the pattern consistent of where our hallways lead to. This is sort of like a WQU, where when the edges connect to form one building. Each hallway can
be split into it own room.
-----
Q: If you were to start working on world generation, what kind of method would you think of writing first? 
Think back to the lab and the process used to eventually get to tesselating hexagons.

A:
I would start by writing the addHexagon method that adds a Hexagon object to the world and continue the correct tessellating pattern. The way I would
approach this is by creating a WQU object.

Q: What distinguishes a hallway from a room? How are they similar?

A: A hallway connects two rooms together. They are similar because the intersection of a hallway is also just a big room.

-----
Q: For tesselating hexagons, one of the hardest parts is figuring out where to place each hexagon/how to easily place hexagons on screen in an algorithmic way. 
After looking at your own implemention, consider the implementation provided near the end of the lab. 
How did your implementation differ from the given one? What lessons can be learned from it?

A: The lab implementation was that we would similarly go about implementing the addHexagon method first and then consider the "rules" and invariants
behind creating the world and tessellating  the hexagons.

-----
Q: Consider an algorithm for placing rooms and hallways on your map. 
Ideally, consider many algorithms and think about what makes some easier or harder to implement. Try and bring those ideas together into a single simple algorithm which accomplishes the task. 
In general, algorithms with as few edge cases as possible are better algorithms.

A: If the WQU object is different, the hallway connection of another must be the same WQU object for it to be considered a room. A hallway separates two
different rooms. Adding a hallway for the same WQU object just makes the room bigger. After that I would worry about how all of this converges to a "world"
and the different directions - north, south, east, and west.
